I will keep this updated as you do the changes and I test them.

1) When user has 3 months degen and purchases another month, does he gets 4 months of degen or at least it shows on user_ui_config panel that he has 4 months of degen? No. Tested, still show 3 months. We used to at least allow users to update from 1 month to 3 months, but now not even that is working. I know this is hard to do because plans should technically be updated in the database, as hours and that sum should be accounting for the users plan. So if the user has 1 month of degen (from trial) - that also has to be indicated that this time was provided from trial. And when user purchases monthly plan, it should show the active plan which is charged monthly and + the hours he has, so he should have 4 months of degen, and it should be reccuring and renovating for +3 months with the 3month price 



2) Is purchase of tiers working via stripe? No. Stripe confirms purchase, our site confirms purchase but it still display user as newcomer despite having purchased a tier. Simmilar to what I asked above about degen, in this case the Tiers should be based on points as the degen is based on hours. Points amount should determine what tier the user is in. And technically when the user purchases a tier, on the backend we should convert to points and display the tier on the user_ui_config panel.

3) are users being able to use degen codes that are generated via admin panel? No. Tested. Codes are being generated by admins properly, but when users try to use them, it says: could not find the activated_code colum on user_premium status in the chema cache. and when I chekck on admin panel it says the code was used, but the user is still not degen nor have time being triggered.

4) Are non degen users having 30 days of trial time being triggered and displayed on user_ui_config panel? No. Tested, they are not degen, but their trial time is not being triggered or displayed.

5) Are users that have already spent their 30 trial days and not payed being blocked to use the app? I can't tell, we have not found a way to test this.

6) are admins able to see a log showing: where this degen came from (payment, admin, code, etc.) Same as Tiers, where that tiers came from. (payment, admin gave, via leaderboard, etc.) and what databases track this data? No, this has not been added to admin panel. (also source of days, for example: user has 28 days left, source: trial)

7)  are admins being able to add points to users via the admin panel? No. Despite adding the correct UID and amount of points, there is no feedback on admin panel and the users are not recieving thise points.